♫ Your smile is so sweet with those crooked eyes ♫
♫ The way you run towards me is especially beautiful ♫
♫ Your smile is not that simple with those crooked
corners of your mouth ♫
♫ Why do you always appear when I make a fool of myself? ♫
♫ All the summer seasons are not as romantic as meeting you ♫
♫ Am I giving you romance or warmth? ♫
♫ All the time in the world cannot compare to my
feelings for you ♫
♫ Because it is you, I will believe in eternity ♫
♫ You are the courage I will protect as if my life depends on it ♫
♫ With you protecting by my side, I have a sense of security ♫
♫ I especially love everything you give me ♫
♫ The two of us together is a small sweet satisfaction ♫
[The Love Equations]
[Previous Episode]
The game has officially begun.
Either you're really smart, or you really understand Zhou Xiao.
Shi Guoguo, can I switch seats with you?
Xiao Lu specifically emphasized that you shouldn't go.
She doesn't want me to go, but I insist on going.
[Episode 7]
[Promise of Good Friends]
[Southern University Detective Office]
Did it break? Quick!  Have a look at it.
Look at it and see if it broke.
Is it broken? Look at it.
Don't look at me like that.
It's not some big deal, I'll buy you a new one.
Why did you catch me instead of it? It's not like I'll break when I fall. How much does it cost?
- ¥3000.
- ¥3000?
(about $423)
Y-You're usually so stingy. But you were willing to spend so much on this.
I'm stingy? Is that something you should say after breaking my things?
Big Bro, seeing as we've known each other for so many years already,
you've also used it for quite a while. It's not worth ¥3000, right?
It's not broken.
Really? What a relief.
Like I was thinking, how could it be? You're so—
You can play with it. I-I'm busy. I'm going to class now.
What a psycho.
Luckily, it's not broken. I still haven't finished paying back the money that I owe Zhao Fanzhou.
Excuse me.
Yasi, you're here so early.
Yeah. Why are you here so early?
There's still an hour until the Programming Technique class.
Did you come here to do something bad?
Why are you guys here?
Don't mention it. The internet in the dormitory is so slow.
It keeps disconnecting when we're playing.
Yasi, let's play a round together.
I'm not playing.
You have nothing else to do, why don't you join us?
The school wants to re-form the ACM team. I don't have time to spare.
Yasi, you deserve your title as the "Master."
Zhang Lin what are you doing? Hurry up.
I'm looking at the newly released skins. How do they look?
So expensive. You're so rich.
But this doesn't give you any additional skills. Why did you buy it?
Actually, I've been hesitating for quite some time. How about
I clench my teeth and just go for it.
You should think it over first. You may like it now,
but what if you purchase it on impulse and then instantly regret it after.
Right. It was just a spur of the moment.
Xiao,  I've already sent you the draft.
Tao Ling and Luo Wei are currently transforming the room based on the picture.
All we need now is a skeleton. Can you figure out a way to get one? Okay.
All right. Bye-bye.
Why are you here again?
I already took on the job.
It may be a bit tiring, but I think it's quite fun.
Okay then. I hope you have a good time.
You don't even know. My legs were so sore last night I couldn't even fall asleep.
I didn't think this would be even more tiring than training.
How many days have you been here? Aren't you tired?
But you also
have such a nice sofa to sit on, it's probably not as tiring.
Hey!
How about we switch?
I'll be the sitting Fifer (Young Flautist) and you'll be the standing Re...
Madame Recamier.
I think that's pretty good.
You chatter nonstop... Did you wind up your mouth?
So you're not mute? I thought you were mute.
Give it back to me.
Why are you so strong?
I guess our celebrity coach took a leave to work here.
You're here.
Xiao Lu, you look really pretty and your stature is amazing.
Thank you. I didn't think you would actually come.
How about me? Am I not handsome? Why did you only compliment her?
You are also really handsome.
How about we take a picture?
- Sure.
- Okay.
Ready?
1, 2, 3.
Move.
- How about we take another one?
- Okay.
Ready? 1, 2, 3.
The exhibition is about to start. Hurry up and go back to your post.
Then I'll go look around.
- Keep working hard!
- Wait.
Since you especially came to the exhibition, how about I treat you to a meal as a thank you?
I'll come, too.
Okay, I'll treat you guys.
- Okay.
- Forget it then.
I just remembered I have to go back to the dorm for the contest.
Okay, then maybe next time. I'll get going now.
Okay, bye-bye.
You're a girl. All you think about is treating guys to meals. Do you know how to be reserved?
No. Who told you girls had to be reserved?
- Do you really want a boyfriend that bad?
- Yeah, so what? It's none of your business.
Then consider me. I'm handsome, rich, and a celebrity.
I'm the number one most datable male athlete on Tencent's Hot Chart. You're making a fortune.
With this fortune, you should keep it yourself.
You're completely unreasonable.
The method of using magnetic beads to extract DNA can be simply said as
adding decomposing liquid,
add magnetic beads, separate the magnetic beads, wash it away.
This results in pure nucleic acid.
Don't forget the oscillation in the process.
Got it.
You're learning this next semester. How do you know the steps so well?
I already watched a video about this before I came.
Everyone else dates or hangs out during their free time, and I won't expect that of you.
But you should go outside sometimes and interact more with people.
Don't stay in the lab all day with your old professor.
If you do all my work, what am I supposed to do?
No. Leave now. You can do whatever you want.
I have to work on this lab until night time, just come back then.
Professor, I won't leave the lab today.
Is anyone there? Professor Hu?
It's you again. Who are you looking for? Are you looking for Zhao Fanzhou?
No. I'm looking for you. My most respected Professor Hu.
Do I know you that well?
Although I'm a normal student to you,
but ever since I attended your class
you are my source of inspiration and muse goddess.
Okay, stop there. Don't randomly compliment me.
Goddess? Since when did I change genders?
What? Did you come to the lab for inspiration again?
No. This time is different. This time I'm here to borrow your skeleton model.
Why do you need that?
We've recently been preparing for a Dormitory Creativity Contest. It's to decorate our dorm.
What does your dorm decorating have to do with me?
You've read my writing and I've attended your class.
Our fates are so unique, you can't refuse to let me borrow it.
But our lab has strict rules with our equipment, we can't randomly let others borrow it.
But I...
You're here, too? Help me persuade your professor. He won't listen to me.
No matter who tries to persuade me, it's still of no use. Even a professor can't violate the rules.
Also, I treasure these teaching materials.
Professor, you're drinking tea out of a beaker.
Are you still my student? You're undermining me in front of her.
Let me tell you. This girl writes negatively about us forensic scientists, so there's no way I'm lending it to her.
- Professor, you're really disappointing me.
- How so?
You're giving up on my writing? I just updated two chapters.
I just reversed your forensic science's undercover identity.
This is the inspiration you gave me.
But you actually gave up on my writing? You stopped reading?
I didn't really.
I am just really busy recently, right?
Never mind then. I'm the one that is useless.
It's me who couldn't keep a reader. I'll go, I'll go.
Fine, fine. I'll lend it to you, okay?
Thank you, Professor.
Don't thank me. Thank him.
[Forensic Science Lab]
This plot twist is pretty interesting.
It's just too short. Can you write some more?
There's something even more interesting later on.
Professor, in order to thank you for your generosity today, I'll send you the latest chapter of my novel when I get back.
In the future, if you have a new chapter, you can send it directly to my WeChat.
I'll be your forensic science adviser and help fix mistakes.
Deal!
Thank you.
Go ahead and give it to me.
Be careful.
This...
Be careful. Don't hurt yourself.
Don't worry. I'll be fine. Let go.
We're going now.
You want to go with her? Then go.
Do you really not worry about giving her that skeleton. Go keep an eye on it for me.
Thank you, Professor.
Hurry up and change.
Why isn't there an ice cream vending machine?
If I could have a cantaloupe flavored ice cream right about now, that would be great.
Your demands are quite specific.
Why are you here? Do you have anything else to tell me?
I'll escort you.
Why?
I'm worried about him leaving home by himself.
Wait there for me. I'll buy you some ice cream.
Why are you buying me ice cream?
Why do I feel like Zhao Fanzhou is acting so weird lately?
Always appearing near me. I don't even know him that well.
You know him well. Don't you think he's weird?
Is he trying to remind me to hurry and pay him back?
How about I ask him directly? What do you think?
Thank you.
What do you want to say?
Why have you been appearing near me recently?
And you're being so good to me.
What do you think?
Let me think.
You suddenly appeared on the school road.
Gave me a book. There were no marks on the book.
Which means it hasn't been borrowed out yet.
You used your job at the library to get a copy of the book first.
And then I said I needed to go to the grocery store. You said you were going, too.
But then when we left the store, you didn't buy anything.
Oh right! These things are all mine.
Don't you also need to buy anything? Why didn't you get anything?
Go and collect our bags.
Okay.
Which means you found an excuse to go with me.
And then you helped speak for me so I could borrow the skeleton.
Even a professor can't violate the rules.
Also, I treasure these teaching materials.
Professor, you're drinking tea out of a beaker.
Are you still my student? You're undermining me in front of her.
You not only bought me ice cream, but you also said you would escort me back.
All the signs show that you feel like...
you owe me!
I'm not wrong, am I?
You feel like you owe me because you accidentally kissed my forehead at the lab the other day.
It's okay. Stop sighing.
That was a particular situation. I know you didn't mean it. I didn't put it to heart.
Don't worry about it.
What if I do care about it?
What is Zhao Fanzhou trying to say?
What does he mean by "what if I care"?
Does he think I'm the one who owes him? I should be the one who compensates?
Who cares if he cares? I'm not going to curry favor with him.
You came back?
How's the dorm?
Not bad, right? No wonder you're my buddy. This is how you know what's what.
Let me tell you how angry I was today.
Do you remember Zhu Lu from the escape room activity?
I don't remember.
The one who's roommates with the  Detective Club's President Zhou Xiao. The prettiest one.
I don't think so.
How did you become blind? But that's not the main point.
The main point is I confessed to her today.
But then I got rejected.
Rejected me. Rejected Xie Yixing.
If this story goes out, people will hit her.
That's perfect revenge.
I'm being serious. Can you take me seriously?
The question is... How come she doesn't like me?
Could it be that there was a problem with my confession
or I shouldn't have confessed at all?
That's not right. If you like someone then shouldn't you go confess to them immediately?
That's why you got rejected.
Then tell me what I should do.
Don't fight in a battle of uncertainty.
But I can't hold it in!
Forget it. There's no point in asking you
since you have no experience.
Southern University's Dormitory Creativity Contest has come to a successful end.
The students' brilliant imaginations were able to be displayed to the fullest potential for this contest.
The results are out.
There was definitely dirty tricks involved!
Don't rip it.
You reason things out. With my celebrity halo adding support,
why didn't we get first place?
They were definitely envious of my handsomeness.
[First Place Prize Certificate]
Everyone, wake up. We won first place in the creativity contest.
Really?
Congrats.
Tao Ling? Tao Ling?
Tao Ling, hurry and wake up.
Our dorm won.
Really?
Then hurry up and take them down. I don't even have enough room to turn my body.
Okay.
Here.
I brought you guys lunch.
Hurry and wake up to eat.
Was there an explosion?
Hurry and get up.
You guys haven't gotten up since finishing yesterday's CET4.
(College English Test Band 4)
Lazy Ling-ling, if you still don't get up,
then I'll go up to look for you.
Wei-wei, are you my personal human alarm clock?
Not even Fang Wei is as scary as you.
I beg you. Go wake up Xiao Lu and Zhou Xiao.
Zhou Xiao already got up.
Xiao Lu went out with me this morning.
She went to go train.
Lazy Ling-ling,
get up and drink this.
It's getting cold these days.
You guys stayed up late every day to study for the test.
Look at your face and how it looks right now.
Don't get sick and drink it.
I'm going to study.
Didn't you just come back? Why are you going out again?
I came back to bring food for you guys.
You're so warm just like this.
Love  you.
Zhou Xiao,
your phone is ringing.
I'll put this on the table for you.
Zhao Fanzhou?
Hello.
Did you eat?
I didn't but I'm about to.
Let's eat together then.
Why?
I have something to tell you.
What is there that you can't say over the phone?
It's about the payment installments.
You're in a rush to use money, right?
I'll think of a way to return it.
What I want to tell you is that the library is looking for part-timers.
If you want to finish paying off the debt soon, then you can reconsider it.
Really? I'll go submit my resume in a bit.
Thank you, bye-bye.
Wait a second.
Is there anything else?
Come to the Forensic Science Lab.
Why?
Return the skeleton.
That's right. Sorry, I was so busy that I forgot.
I was busy with the CET4 the past few days.
I'll bring it over later.
Okay. I'll wait for you.
What is there to wait for?
If there's no one, I'll just give it to the security guard.
Reconsider it.
Don't reject it so quickly.
No.
We already got defeated by the Southern Sports University two years in a row for the interschool league matches.
I hope to be able to beat them sometime in my time as the president of the badminton club.
Then practice hard. Play well.
Why are you not participating?
Is it because your nemesis Li Xiaofeng is on their team?
Are you kidding?
Have you ever heard of a first-place winner being scared of a second-place player?
Then, why are you not participating?
You need to give me a reason.
It's because this type of tournament isn't on my level.
You even use English?
Do you even know how to spell "level"?
Why do you keep arguing with me? Why don't I know how to spell it?
- I took the CET4 before, too.
- Then spell it.
Fine, I'll spell it.
L. E. V...
Why do I have to spell it just because you asked? I'm not going to spell it.
It's not embarrassing if you don't know how to spell it, it's only embarrassing if you won't admit it.
Who's embarrassing?
I'm talking about you.
I know how to spell any word.
Abandon. A B A N D O N.
Sit down. That's not the main point.
The main point is to take that I'm begging you. Please participate in this tournament.
I'm not participating.
No need for him to participate.
Watch us bring back both the Women and Mixed Doubles championship.
We can win even without him.
Looks like someone isn't aware they're in a sports university.
- So what?
- Nothing. Good luck.
Without him, it'll really be hard for us to win.
Sorry.
I just can't look past his attitude and I was so mad.
Don't worry, I'll practice hard.
It's okay. I believe in you.
Then I'm off to practice.
Good luck.
Serve.
I haven't seen you for days. Where did you go?
I'll treat you to a meal at the cafeteria.
What are you doing? You're always looking around.
Nothing.
Cai Yasi!
Come and help me.
Who's that? It's a little creepy.
You guys know each other?
Does she have a boyfriend? Introduce me.
We grew up together.
Help me out and bring this to the medical school.
What is this?
I borrowed it for the dorm creativity contest.
Hi, classmate. I'm Cai Yasi's roommate.
My name is Zhang Lin.
Hi.
Hold this.
I— Slow down!
You can't hold it yourself?
You're robust like Fong Saiyuk. Don't pretend to be Lin Daiyu.
(T/N: Fong Saiyuk was a Chinese martial artist and folk hero; Lin Daiyu is a lady known for her physical frailness)
What are you looking at? Come with me.
Let go—
Fine, if you don't want to help. What's with the personal attack?
Lunatic.
Let go!
Let go. Let go!
Are you trying to murder me?
I'm warning you!  Don't try having any thoughts about my friend.
I was wondering what's with this big reaction.
Turns out she moved your cheese.
(T/N: A metaphor meaning something/someone you want to get)
Why didn't you say so earlier? I'm quick to catch on.
What cheese?
How's it possible between me and her?
I'm not that type of person.
It's okay, brother. You don't need to pretend.
If you don't admit, I'll go after her.
Don't add to the mess. I'm already annoyed.
What's annoying?
If you like her, then go after her.
We have a special circumstance.
We grew up together.
If my confession fails, we can't even be friends anymore.
How awkward.
If you don't try, you'll stay as a friend forever.
Think about it.
Be careful when bringing the specimen back to the lab.
Next time, find something to cover it so you don't scare the students from other departments.
Remember to complete the registration and close the door properly.
Also, lock the door!
- Understood, Professor.
Professor.
Someone downstairs must've gotten shocked.
The freshmen just finished the Skull Anatomy Class
and they're bringing back the specimens. They didn't even think to find something to cover them.
Those kids...
Professor, I'll be leaving now.
Why is he in such a hurry?
I still need to tell you something.
[Zhao Fanzhou]
So noisy.
Who's phone is it?
Sorry, the user you have dialed is unable to answer the phone right now.
Please try again later.
I'm finally bringing you back home.
It has been a pleasure knowing you. Come over to play when you're free.
Zhou Xiao.
Senior, you're lab coat...
- I'll collect it later in the Anatomy Room.
- Okay.
What are they holding?
A skull.
A skull? I want to have a look.
You're not scared?
Nevermind, I'm a little scared.
Let's go.
Thank you for what just happened.
It's just... you prevented me from seeing the skull.
You're welcome.
[Boys Apartment]
Where are you? Why aren't you answering your phone?
Didn't you ask me to help you bring something back to the medical school?
I'm on my way now.
I can't see it.
- Let me adjust it for you.
- Okay.
Can you see it now?
Yes, I can see a little bit.
What are you two doing here?
On a date?
- No wonder you were in such a hurry before.
- Hello, Professor.
Hello, Professor. That's not it, Professor.
I'm here to return the skeleton.
Then, were you aware that outsiders can't just casually enter the Forensic Science laboratory?
Yes, I do know. But I...
But what?
Since you're not admitting that you're his family or girlfriend,
then I'll have to ask you to leave.
Fine, I'll leave.
All right. And in the future, don't come here anymore to find inspiration.
That won't do, Professor.
You haven't given me any feedback yet.
What feedback?
I sent a copy of all my drafts to you two days ago.
You haven't even responded to any.
And yet you said that you wanted to be my adviser.
I couldn't help it.
I've had so many classes lately that I don't have enough time to read through them.
Professor, please hurry up and look at them.
If I don't update soon, I'm going to lose all my readers.
Ever since you became my professional consultant, my novel has rarely been mocked by others.
Is that so?
How about this then?
You guys keep chatting and I'll have a look at it now.
Professor. Professor?
You need to take care of the new cadaver in a bit.
New cadaver? When does it get here?
It's on the way right now.
Why didn't anyone notify me?
What about my novel then, Professor?
Send it to me. I'll look at it for you.
But I already made the deal with Professor, isn't that right?
Oh right! In the future, just send your drafts to Zhao Fanzhou.
He is the student I am most proud of.
His professional capabilities are outstanding.
And most importantly, you two are similar in age and have common interests.
Isn't that right? Unlike an old man like me.
All right then. I'll forward them to you now.
Sorry, I think I forgot to bring my phone.
Let me borrow yours.
I'll transfer the files from my online storage folder.
- Okay.
Thank you.
Zhou Xiao!
- Zhou Xiao!
- Cai Yasi?
Here.
I'm here.
Why are you looking for me?
Did you return the items yet? I have something important to tell you.
What is it?
There are other people here. Let's talk about it in private.
Let's go then. Professor, we'll be leaving first. Bye-bye.
I have time right now to look at your novel,
but I don't have time to send you the feedback.
Why don't you stay here and we can discuss it in person?
That's right. If you don't update soon, you're going to lose all your readers.
How about I go find you later?
No. I really do have something important to tell you.
I'm sorry but I have to go with my friend.
How about I come and find you when you have time later?
Hurry up!  What's with all this useless talk?
It better be important, or my loss in readers will be blamed on you.
You only have ten readers, what can you lose?
Who said that? I have at least fifty.
It's okay. You tried your best.
I also did my best.
The opponent is too strong.
Don't worry. We'll keep fighting.
Can you say it now?
Let's find a place and talk.
Did you get into trouble again?
N-No. Let's go.
Why are you running so fast? Are you in a hurry to begin a new life?
It's so cold. I want to drink something hot.
What a coincidence. I'm feeling a little warm.
You think being warm is amazing? What are you trying to show off? Mentally dumb.
Did you cause trouble again?
The last time you were in this condition was when you stayed overnight at the internet cafe,
you caught the place on fire when you lit up your mosquito-repellent incense in the middle of the night.
Is it more serious than last time?
- I didn't cause trouble.
- He set the internet cafe on fire?
- Also, last time I only set two motherboards on fire.
- Really?
Why does it sound like I set the whole place on fire from your mouth?
Then, are you going to tell me or not?
Right, why didn't you pick up my call today?
I didn't bring my phone... Don't go off-topic.
Say it.
Look at you. You keep misplacing things.
Besides me, who else can endure you?
Say it again. Who's enduring who?
Don't be so short-tempered.
Me. It's me. You're the one enduring me.
That's more like it.
Actually, our tempers are both bad. Right?
Have you ever thought that the both of us won't be able to find a significant other?
Why? Did you confess and get rejected by someone?
No.
Fine, you didn't. Why are getting so agitated?
It's just... have you heard about the promise good friends make?
What promise?
The one where in the future, if you're still single and I'm single,
then let's be together.
I think I've heard this before.
But this promise is too unreasonable.
Why?
It's like using the "friend" label as a way to have a fallback.
Then why isn't it
in the future, if we're both single, let's meet and kill ourselves.
What's wrong?
You didn't become someone's fallback, did you?
You want me to think of a plan for you?
No.
Then, what's wrong? Are you going to say it or not? Hurry up and say it.
I want to go lay down in my dorm.
I need to borrow money.
I'm asking you to lend me some money.
You talked so long just for this.
How much?
Two hundred and fifty.
(T/N: The number 250 is usually used to call someone stupid/idiot)
I only have a hundred. I'll transfer it to you when I get back to my dorm.
I'm leaving.
Next time, don't waste time.
[Preview]
When the flower blooms, pluck it.
(T/N: Catch your chance before it's gone)
If Zhou Xiao really gets taken by someone else, all you have left is to cry.
Why is Zhou Xiao here?
Because I like her.
Women's Singles. Leave it to me to coach.
Let's let Zhu Lu go first.
You're obviously crazy about me.
♫ Sunlight spilled into the wind’s embrace ♫
♫ There’s a bit of sweet air blowing our way ♫
♫ Ever since the day I first met you ♫
♫ I realized only a frame with you in it can be called a scenery ♫
♫ Silently experience all your feelings ♫
♫ Perhaps taking a step back will let me get closer ♫
♫ Thank you for giving me a pure friendship ♫
♫ You will also have a love that belongs solely to you ♫
♫ I’m so fortunate to have you in my youth ♫
♫ Only then will there be happy moments worthy
to be remembered ♫
♫ No matter where the future’s you will go ♫
♫ I will always accompany and support you to the end ♫
♫ I’ll be happy if you are happy ♫
♫ I have him tolerating my willfulness ♫
♫ Thank you for giving me a pure friendship ♫
♫ I will also have a love that belongs solely to me ♫
♫ I’m so fortunate to have you in my youth ♫
♫ Only then will there be happy moments worthy
to be remembered ♫
♫ No matter where tomorrow’s you will go ♫
♫ I will always accompany and protect you to the end ♫